docs: admin: Add process mgmt, project files, security and resources (#104)
OpenDataServices/standards-lab: docs/admin/process-management.md

# Process Management

> Standards Lab requires 3 main processes to be running, the Web Server, the queue worker and the in-memory storage server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standards Lab requires 3 main processes to be running, the webserver, the queue worker and the in-memory storage server.
```

## Webserver

> Using the docker based deployment a webserver process is provided using [gunicorn](https://docs.gunicorn.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Docker based deployment a webserver process is provided using [gunicorn](https://docs.gunicorn.org/).
```

> The webserver process runs the [django web framework](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.1/howto/deployment/) and serves static files such as javascript and css.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webserver process runs the [Django web framework](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.1/howto/deployment/) and serves static files such as JavaScript and CSS.
```

## Queue worker process

> To test and process data django-rq is used to start, manage and monitor the processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[django-rq](https://github.com/rq/django-rq) is used to start, manage and monitor the processes that test and process data.
```

> The worker process uses [django-rq](https://github.com/rq/django-rq) to create processes when requested by the user, an example of a process would be the CoVE process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The worker process uses [django-rq](https://github.com/rq/django-rq) to create processes when requested by the user. An example of a process is the CoVE process.
```

> Restarting this process may cause any in-progress processes to be terminated. If this process is not running the Test functionality will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restarting this process may cause any in-progress processes to be terminated. If this process is not running, the test functionality will not work.
```

does "the test functionality" mean the tests?

This process requires a working Redis server.

## In-memory storage server

[Redis](https://redis.io/commands) is used as the in-memory storage server.

> Redis holds results from processes, is used by (django) RQ and as a cache for the webserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis holds results from processes, is used by django-rq, and as a cache for the webserver.
```

> Restarting Redis may clear any in progress processes and results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restarting Redis may clear any in-progress processes and results.
```
